       Of course it was me! How would I 
       allow her shame our family
       in that disgusting way? A brothel!? 
       I couldn't let it cost
       me my reelection to the mayoralty.
       I had no choice but to murder her!



I am sorry. Please, mayor, you need to believe me. 
I... I loved her. She... She came to my 
house every four days, but yesterday, she 
tried to surprise me... I was hunting in the forest 
and... The... The weapon in my hand... I... I thought she 
was a prey. I tried to make it look like someone 
else did it, cause I was scared. God, I was so 
scared... Please, you have to forgive me.

Fortuneteller's reason:
La adivina no tiene reason, si esto aparece en 
pantalla es que algo hemos hecho muy mal.
4
5
6
7
8

You were cleverer that I thought, inspector... 
I had it. I HAD THE POTION TO MURDER THIS WHOLE
VILLAGE! But she, always mocking me, came into 
my house and spilt it! Everything wasted: my time,
my ingredients, my patience... I did not want to 
kill her that way but, for sure, she is better dead!



We needed the money, but I didn't think she was
going to earn it that way. I was working from 
sunup to sundown to save some but what was she 
doing? I thought she was purely mine but I found
out that every night she opened her legs to 
anyone that came around. If she was not mine she 
wouldn't be anyone else's!


   I kill her? OH, NO! I KILL HER! Well, I 
   guess sitting on top of a prison is the 
   same as on top of a church. Ya see, I had
   to kill her! Shes a bad bad person! She 
   was trying to get me little friend to work
   for the brothel. I ain't let that happen!



Madame's reason:
Madame no tiene reason, si esto aparece en 
pantalla es que algo hemos hecho muy mal.
4
5
6
7
8

  My mama hit me every time my papa went out. 
  She said it was my fault, that papa didn't 
  love us and that's why he went with the other 
  girl. My mama was sad. I knew it was because 
  papa didn't love her. That's why I killed the 
  girl. Now papa will love us again.



She was so beautiful and innocent... when little. 
She had such a pure soul that could make jealous 
even the kindest angels. Such a pure soul... 
corrupted by the Devil, by this Godforsaken village. 
She grew up and became a slave of carnal sins. I 
was forced to send her to Hell, where she belongs.



  She was the perfect girl in the village, the 
  beloved one even though she was a whore. What 
  made her better than me? NOTHING! Although, 
  she had the perfect family and the perfect 
  boyfriend who will never look at me. The 
  village will be a better place without her!



I am not the only guilty here, or do you think 
that the Madame is inocent? Did she fuck you too 
to convince you? I sold her my opium so she could 
drug her girls without their consent! She is not 
better than me. And when she came to me saying 
that girl knew about our little secret, she forced 
me to silent her forever!

